so I'm going to be showing you how to
play this song on the piano from the
movie Amelie and I'm not going to play
it through for you I'm sure probably if
you're wanting to learn how to play
you're know how it sounds
if not you can look it up there's plenty
of people to play it as well as the
original soundtrack so I'm going to be
showing you how to practice it and how
you can learn it easily and quickly
alright here we go I'm going to show you
the left-hand part first because once
you get this pattern it stays the same
for the whole song so then you'll be
good to go and I'm going to give you two
different versions the original and a
slightly simplified version and it'll
make sense once we get into it I'm going
to show you the simplified version first
and it sounds almost exactly like the
original but it's much easier so here is
the first chord start here on this e
skip skip okay so you want to just find
this
the next thing that happens is the
bottom note just goes down one note you
use whichever finger you want here next
the middle note changes and it goes to
this black key and then the top note
changes and it comes down to this white
key and that's it so it's this one
bottom note goes down middle note
changes top note changes
and then you go back okay now what you
do with the pattern is you do the bottom
note top middle top and you do it twice
then you change bottom
and change the middle now too
ages the top node now the original
version it actually adds an octave of
the bottom node here so you actually
reach all of this okay but the same
thing happens and this top note is
basically the same as whatever the
bottom note is so it's this chord and
the bottom note moves down which is also
this top one and then remember this one
changes and then this one changes
and then you go back
okay so practice doing this first change
these change this one change this one
and in the pattern just like we were
doing in this simplified version
you add any time this one place this one
place
but then it also plays on that one okay
so it's a little bit tricky for some
people if it's too tricky I would just
do this simplified version okay but if
you want to be true to the original you
do it this way okay so that's the
pattern though these go at the same time
and then these go at the same time
change
change back first
okay now let me show you a part later in
the song the the coolest part that's
everyone's favorite and I'm going to do
it with the left hand
simplified version pattern and then the
left hand original version and you'll
see it's pretty much sounds almost
exactly the same okay so here is the
original version with a little more
complicated pattern here and then I'll
teach you this right hand part later but
this is just an example okay here we go
and here's the same thing but now I'm
going to do the simplified version of
the left hand
we notice it still sounds almost exactly
the same because this is the main one
and this is the background pattern okay
some of my students they prefer the
simplified one and then you can add the
other one later so you decide you can
practice whichever one you want okay but
get that left hand one first and then we
will go on and I'll begin teaching you
the different right hand parts
first thing that happens in the
comes in you're going to step right here
and you're going to go down to the black
key and back up and then you're going to
do this note here and come up and back
down okay so it's this one you can use
whichever fingers are easier I like
keeping the thumb here okay so you're
focusing around these notes right here
so practice doing that the next one
focuses around just this one um it
actually starts on the black key
okay so it starts on the black key back
and forth alright so the first one and
the second one starts here okay
the next one's a little more spread out
starts here again disappeared okay so
that one goes here and the very last one
is just it's just that okay so it's like
the one right before it but it doesn't
go up here okay so the first one again
we have this one starting here starting
here again but going down jump and in
just this one
okay so practice doing that first you
should be able to do that easily before
you go on to the next part
you